No.:              09
Date:             25.01.2016 10:00 - 11:00
Place:            Main building, Berne University of applied sciences
Involved persons: Claude Fuhrer    (CF)
                  Sven Osterwalder (SO)

Meeting minutes 2016-01-25
==========================

Presentation and discussion of the current state of the work (SO)
-----------------------------------------------------------------

* Nearly all TODOs were resolved. (SO)
* The document was revised by means of spelling and formulation. (SO)

Further steps/proceedings (CF, SO)
----------------------------------

* References within the text and the bibliography do not seem to have
  the same abbreviations. (CF)
  (DONE, using ieee-style, SO)
* The paragraph right before subsection 5.1.2 should be moved a bit more
  in direction of equation I (5.1). (CF)
  (DONE)
* Instead of the word 'Epsilon' the (mathematical) variable varepsilon
  should be used throughout the whole document. (CF)
  (DONE
* The equation(s) 5.6 are not a system of linear equations, it is
  instead only one equation. (CF)
  (DONE)
* Try not to use a vector as starting for the equation of a ray hitting a triangle
  with barycentric coordinates. Try to use the provided coordinates,
  E.g. use 1 - Beta - Gamma. (CF)
  (DONE)
* Try to avoid page breaks within pseudo-code listings. Use comments
  marking the end of blocks (if, loops etc.) or use parentheses if
  possible. (CF)
  (DONE)
* Citation right in front of subsection 5.2.2 has too much quotes. (CF)
  (DONE)
* Nu at equation 5.16 should be phi instead. (CF)
  (DONE)
* The principle shown in image 5.7 is rather a refraction instead of a
  reflexion. (CF)
  (DONE)
* Use two rows and two columns instead of three columns and one row
  only for table 5.1. This will improve readability. Try to use the light transport
  notation as well. (CF)
  (DONE)
* Use two rows and two columns instead of three columns and one row
  only for table 5.2. This will improve readability. (CF)
  (DONE)
* When referencing an authors name reference the paper as well. (CF)
  (DONE)
* When referencing something, e.g. an illustration or an equation, add
  the type as well, not only the referenced number as this will improve
  readability. (CF)
  (DONE)
* In the description of the fixed step size when describing ray marching
  the type of the delta (x-axis) is missing, only the parameter is
  being referenced. (CF)
  (DONE)
* Increase the size of illustration 6.2 as it has a lot of small
  details and is hard to recognize like this. (CF)
  (DONE)
* Try to explain ray *g* a bit better when explaining the problems of
  fixed step size ray marcing. (CF)
  (DONE)
* Try to mention solutions to the problem of using a fixed step size in
  ray marcing. (CF)
  (DONE)
* When referring to the prototype add a reference to the chapter as
  well. (CF)
  (DONE)
* Check the used values for epsilon within the prototype, the seem a bit
  small from time to time. This may lead to floating point precision
  problems otherwise. (CF) (DONE. The OpenGL Shading Language GLSL uses
  the highest precision available on a sytem. This is normally the highp
  float type and provides therefore - according to IEE-754 resp. the
  OpenGL ES standard - -2^62 to 2^62.)
* Try mentioning floating point precision and rounding problems which
  may occur and the measures used against those problems. (CF)
  (DONE)

TODO for the next meeting
=========================

* Preparation for presenting and defending the whole project (SO)

Scheduling of the next meeting
==============================

Date:  18.02.2016, 1315
Place: Meeting room of RISI building at the Berne University of applied
       sciences in Biel
